Class Ratings
3OK Class
5Very Easy
2Boring
3Kinda Useful

Professor Rating
3OK Prof

Prof: Melissa Knox / Fall 2023

May 1, 2024
Comments on the course

Economics is an interesting topic and should be treated as such. Unfortunately, while the topics covered in the class are interesting and lend to a greater appreciation of economic concepts, they lack substance and rigor.

Many course topics feel uninspired and are, in some cases, made more difficult by the obsession with avoiding calculus as if it were a plague. Rates of change are not discussed properly, and extreme lengths are taken to ensure that every function you see is linear.

Overall, the course is fine, but there are clear problems that will likely not be addressed due to the course being a requirement for certain majors that do not take calculus.
Comments on the professor

Prof. Knox is okay, but teaches straight from the textbook and often acts like a high school teacher.
Delivery: In personGrade: A+Workload: ModerateTextbook Use: Yes



Class Ratings
4Good Class
3Avg. Difficulty
5Very Interesting
4Useful

Professor Rating
4Good Prof

Prof: Joshua Jacobs / Fall 2021

Jul 15, 2023
Comments on the course

This was the first time I learned any economics and I thought the subject was interesting.

The economics analysis essays took me a lot of time and frustrated me. I went line by line translating my news article's information to microeconomics analysis (course content). I went to office hours, and consulted OWRC tutors. Both essays took me a while.

However, I felt I not only learned a lot, but also helped myself retain information through the process of writing the essays. I maybe could have used a better method of writing them though.

(I mention the essays because Professor Jacobs assigns these for both ECON 200 and ECON 201.)

Workload wise, I am not sure about the actual workload because I have some time management troubles. I turned in multiple late assignments for the other classes I...read more
Course Content

Usefulness: I understand why this is taught because it helps you to understand the theory of how businesses, markets, and economies (more later on in macroeconomics) work.
Advice

I would recommend to read before the lecture. I only once went to the lecture without reading the textbook and found it hard to understand.
Delivery: HybridGrade: A+Workload: ModerateTextbook Use: Yes
Assignment HeavyExam Heavy



Class Ratings
5Amazing Class
4Easy
3Kinda Interesting
5Very Useful

Prof: Vinod Dharmarajan / Winter 2019

Aug 23, 2021
Comments on the course

Vinod is a great instructor! He really cares about his students and gives good feedback on homeworks! He is also very accessible outside of classroom. 
Advice

Whenever you have questions during a lecture, raise your hand and ask. He takes participation as part of the grade so you will be benefited as well. Definitly go to his office hour!
Grade: AWorkload: 12hrs/weekTextbook Use: Yes