Class Ratings
3OK Class
2Hard
4Interesting
3Kinda Useful

Professor Rating
4Good Prof

Prof: Gray Rybka / Fall 2023

May 1, 2024
Comments on the course

The PHYS 12x sequence seems to be designed to maximize nuisance to the student. There are many small assignments due at bursts, creating a logistical nightmare, and the textbook website is horribly inconvenient, often unintentionally hiding information that is necessary for problems. 
Additionally, use of calculus is very minimal despite the course requiring calculus (as opposed to the algebra-based PHYS 11x sequence), with the course often opting for more confusing, algebraic explanations.
Comments on the professor

Professor Rybka is a good professor, unfortunately hampered by the design of the PHYS 12x sequence at UW.
Delivery: In personWorkload: HeavyTextbook Use: Yes
Participation HeavyAssignment HeavyExam Heavy



Class Ratings
5Amazing Class
3Avg. Difficulty
5Very Interesting
5Very Useful

Prof: Jason Detwiler / Spring 2019

Aug 25, 2021
Comments on the course

Phys 121 is a weed out series but the practical knowledge of mechanics makes it a very useful course regardless of major or grade. This is the single physics class that will actually discuss the tangible physics of every day life. Utilize office hours, study partners, and pay attention in tutorial. 
Comments on the professor

Jason Detwiler made the class very fun by being resourceful during office hours and easy to reach out to for questions. 
Grade: A+Workload: HeavyTextbook Use: Yes



Class Ratings
1Awful Class
1Very Hard
1Very Boring
4Useful

Prof: David Smith / Winter 2021

Aug 23, 2021
Comments on the course

I think I only did well in this class (got a 3.6, which is very good on the curve) because I got an A in AP Physics in high school. Very poorly structured and disorganized class with an exam policy that really didn't mesh well with my learning style. Textbook was so confusing and very different from Prof. Smith's lectures. He's nice and helpful but not a very good teacher.
Advice

Try to take this class at a community college (before or while you're at UW) or take AP Physics C to get early credit before coming to UW. You're doing yourself a favor avoiding these difficult weedouts. The intro physics classes are known to be the worst at UW.
Grade: A-Workload: 10hrs/weekTextbook Use: Yes